[expo] Update changelog (#7191)
expo/expo: CHANGELOG.md

- **`expo`**: Removed `AuthSession` from the `expo` package and extracted into `expo-auth-session` unimodule. ([#6989](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/6989) by [@lukmccall](https://github.com/lukmccall))
- **`expo`**: Removed `ScreenOrientation` from the `expo` package and extracted into `expo-screen-orientation` unimodule. ([#6760](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/6760) by [@lukmccall](https://github.com/lukmccall))
- Removed `Orientation.PORTRAIT` and `Orientation.LANDSCAPE` from `ScreenOrientation` in favor of their more specific versions. ([#6760](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/6760) by [@lukmccall](https://github.com/lukmccall))

> - `LocalAuthentication.authenticateAsync` will now display a system UI compoment to prompt the user to scan their fingerprint on Android. ([#6846](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/6846) by [@LinusU](https://github.com/LinusU))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `LocalAuthentication.authenticateAsync` will now display Android's UI component to prompt the user to authenticate. ([#6846](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/6846) by [@LinusU](https://github.com/LinusU))
```

- `expo-task-manager` supports bare workflow. ([#6828](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/6828) by [@mczernek](https://github.com/mczernek))
- Add support for `expo-firebase-core`. ([#7013](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/7013) by [@IjzerenHein](https://github.com/IjzerenHein))
- Add support for `expo-firebase-analytics`. ([#7017](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/7017) by [@evanbacon](https://github.com/evanbacon) and [@IjzerenHein](https://github.com/IjzerenHein))
- Add `MailComposer.isAvailableAsync` method. ([#6552](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/6552) by [@evanbacon](https://github.com/EvanBacon))

> - Add `showInRecents` option to the `AuthSessions.startAsync` which determining whether a browsed website should be shown as a separate entry in Android recent/multitasking view. ([#6701](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/6701) by [@esamelson](https://github.com/esamelson))

Reviewer: `which determines` or `determining` – `which determining` doesn't sound correct to me.

```suggestion
- Add `showInRecents` option to the `AuthSessions.startAsync` determining whether the web browser should be shown as a separate entry in Android recent/multitasking view. ([#6701](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/6701) by [@esamelson](https://github.com/esamelson))
```

- Fixed `Camera.takePictureAsync` not resolving promise when native camera isn't ready on iOS. ([#7144](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/7144) by [@bbarthec](https://github.com/bbarthec))
- Fixed [NPE crash in GeofencingTaskConsumer](https://github.com/expo/expo/issues/5191) when `mTask` is made null mid-execution. ([#7147](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/7147) by [@briefjudofox](https://github.com/briefjudofox))
- Fixed `ImagePicker.launchCameraAsync` reloading the application on the OnePlus 7. ([#7162](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/7162) by [@lukmccall](https://github.com/lukmccall))
- Fixed the bare React Native application not compiling with the `use_frameworks!` option. ([#6503](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/6503) by [@lukmccall](https://github.com/lukmccall))
- Fixed `AppRegistry.setWrapperComponentProvider` in managed Expo apps. ([#6530](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/6530) by [@serhiipalash](https://github.com/serhiipalash))

> - Fixed `Facebook SDK` not being filly initialized error. ([#6527](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/6527) by [@sjchmiela](https://github.com/sjchmiela))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed `Facebook SDK` not being fully initialized. ([#6527](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/6527) by [@sjchmiela](https://github.com/sjchmiela))
```

- Fixed `Battery` import breaking on Web. ([#6545](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/6545) by [@evanbacon](https://github.com/EvanBacon))

> - Fixed the `RedBox` is covered by the notch on Android. ([#6644](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/6644) by [@cruzach](https://github.com/cruzach))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the `RedBox` being covered by the notch on Android. ([#6644](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/6644) by [@cruzach](https://github.com/cruzach))
```

- Fixed SSR support in `ErrorRecovery`. ([#6672](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/6672) by [@evanbacon](https://github.com/EvanBacon))
- Fixed `Linking.makeUrl` and `Linking.parse` not matching. ([#6688](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/6688) by [@cruzach](https://github.com/cruzach))
- Fixed `StoreReview.requestReview` throwing `NullPointerException` in the bare workflow. ([#6713](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/6713) by [@cruzach](https://github.com/cruzach))
- Fixed NDK not installing when running `yarn setup:native`. ([#6685](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/6685) by [@IjzerenHein](https://github.com/IjzerenHein))
- Fixed `Linking` not decoding query parameters. ([#6774](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/6774) by [@cruzach](https://github.com/cruzach))
- Fixed `Contacts` not saving the year correctly. ([#6744](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/6744) by [@tasn](https://github.com/tasn))
- Fixed `Audio.setAudioModeAsync` parameter type. ([#6833](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/6833) by [@mxhold](https://github.com/mxhold))

> - Fixed `LocalAuth.authenticateAsync` resulting in the `user_cancel` error immediately on Android. ([#6846](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/6846) by [@LinusU](https://github.com/LinusU))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed `LocalAuthentication.authenticateAsync` resulting in the `user_cancel` error immediately on Android. ([#6846](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/6846) by [@LinusU](https://github.com/LinusU))
```

However, I think there were a few PRs from that guy and iirc that one didn't solve the issue you described here. It's worth mentioning this PR though because it replaced FingerprintManager with BiometricPrompt from AndroidX and a lot of people were waiting for this. The issue you mentioned was solved here: https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/6962

Author: I've changed this entry and added a new one - replacing `FingerprintManager` with `BiometricPrompt`. However, I'm not sure, in which section it should be added. For now, I've added it to the `breaking changes` section.
